biologists go out to study zebras and
they're like making notes on a zebra and
they watch it then they look down at
their notes and then they look up and
they think oh i don't know which zebra i
was looking at so the camouflage is
actually against the herd because a
zebra is a herd animal not an individual
so this was a quandary for the
biologists so they did one of two things
one was use a dab of red paint and dab
the haunch of the zebra or tag it with
an ear tag like he used for cattle the
lions would kill it so as soon as it
became identifiable the predators could
organize their hunt around that
identifiable animal that's why you know
there's the old idea that lions and
predators take down the weak animals but
they don't they take down the
identifiable animals so that's the thing
is if you stick your damn head up you
get picked off by the predators and so
one of the things that academics seem to
do is congregate together in herd-like
entities and then they share a language
the language unites them as long as they
share the same set of linguistic tools
among themselves it's group protection
strategy